Attendence:CHEN GUANHUA, LI JUNFEI  
Finished: 
1.complete building the server for the chatting robot and develop a simple mini program which is a chatting box as the front-end.   
2.collect some question-answer data to build a knowleage based to answer questions.   
3.develop the base QA algorithm for the chatting robot.  
Discussion:   
1.Design for logo. Since our chatting robot wants to use a mini program as front-end, so we need to design a logo for the robot.We hope the chatting robot not only for UM,but also for Macau. In the future, we even want it to become international. So the logo need to be simple but vivid and colorful.It need to contain UM and our lab.But it can't overemphasizing regionality which means it need to be international.   
2.Comfirm the avatar.Except the logo, we need to choice a avatar for the chatting robot.We plan to use UM school badge or our lab badge as our avatar first. Because in the develop period, our question will focus on UM.  
3.After our friends test, we found that the main feedback from them is the chatting robot won't say to us proactively. So in order to make the chatting robot like a human for user, we want to add a function that the mini program will say first when user open the mini program such as say'Hello, my name is UMor.What can i help you?' or something like that. And push some message such as event or activity in Macau to user in a fix time.In the future, if we have enough data about user, we hope that the chatting robot can push different message to different user according to their preference.   
4.The last discussion is about database.Up to now, the number of our QA data is hundreds.So we still not need to build a database for them and i just use a txt file to store them.But it's complex to add data and will be slow to load if the data become large.So we plan to build a database for them.We can add data anytime and the program in the server can load them easily and quickly.   
Challenges:   
1.Since for each question, different user will have different asking fomat.So for some questions,although we add these questions in our knowledge,it still may be not match when user asks about this question.For example,if our KB has a question '澳门大学校长是谁？,but the user ask a question like '你知道澳大的校长叫什么名字吗'.The question will not be matched.  
2.mini program don't have voice recognize function.We use Baidu voice recognize now.But it has limitation every day, so we need to use other voice recognize system or buy more quota of Baidu voice recoginize system.   
3.the mini program need to use https.But in our lab, we just have http.So i try to write a program to use https call http and set the program in my own server.   
Schedule:   
1.next meeting time:Oct,16th  
