Attendance:CHEN GUANHUA, LI JUNFEI.   
Finished:   
1.Finished designing logo and chatting robot avator.  
2.Keep collecting question-answer data for the chatting robot.  
3.develop more details about mini program of the chatting robot and add 图灵 chatting robot API to answer some chatting questions which are not in our QA database.   
4.use some UM API to answer question. Such as the school bus and course information.  
Discussion:   
1.About our the design of avator and logo. Professor gives some detail suggestion to help us improve it.The logo's design is clean and meaningful enough and it contain our chatting robot's name and the two component express people speaking.But the avator still need some change. Professor thinks the avator is too simple and not creative enough, and this will be our first task about next period.    
2.Since there are no question answer data about UM for us before and it's not enough that just our two people to collect data. So we decide to use two method to try to handle this problem.First, we found that many questions about UM can find the answer in UM website.It means we have enough answer but no questions. The first method is that we go to find some paper about question generation system and try to develop a QG system to generate questions from the answers.Then we can collect more and more questions and answers data from UM website and everyday news.Besides, some question which are not about UM, it is a open domain question. We can't use knowledge based system to answer it. So we consider that use the tools such as BAIDU and GOOGLE.0ecause we found that we can get formulate answer about many open domain questions in search enginee.The second method is that we try to develop a system which is base on search enginee and choose the better answer among them.    
3. Since we decide to use this project the participate the APP design competition in UM, so we dicuss something about our plan and how to develop more function to win the competition.In this competition, the question we chosen is 'electricity in UM'.We plan to use chatting robot to complete controling electricty. For instance,if the employee want to know how much electricity E11 uses yesterday, he can ask the robot about that, the robot will response the total amount and a graph to show the change every hour. We think this idea can complete the competition and it is focus on the topic of the competition which is 'smart campus'.   
Challenge:  
1.Now, we collect almost two thousands question and answer data, but it's more and more difficult to collect. We try to ask more friends to help us test the chatting robot.    
2.QG system is a difficult area and there is little research in chinese. We need to find research paper and make it can be used in chinese.   
3.The competition need us to make prediction in long term and short term, we need to save the past one or two years data, and find a high accuracy model to predict the future data. Because it's a competition, we need to make sure that the prediction has a high accuracy.  
Schedule:   
1.We plan to have a meeting on 2019-11-08. 
